Ok ok, ignoring the elephant in the room, why did I write my story? Well, I wanted to talk about college and really, talk about afterschool life in general. It's something that’s really personal to me (especially right now), and while I do still agree with what I wrote, and think everything I wrote was decent, I can’t really be proud of this writing. 
	I fail spectacularly at separating myself from my character, a symptom of talking about something that is very near and dear to my little heart. But if I could go back, I might have thought more about how to make this an actual story, and not sorta a rant against things I don’t like. 
	Now I realise this starts off my writer's reflection very negatively, and like, I kinda feel negative about it, but there are some good things, like I said before, I enjoy the message even though it's a little hamfisted. The sorta sudo Fantasy setting is interesting, even though I don’t explore it too much (kinda wish I had dug more into this, but I personally prefer characters over setting anyway, so I’m glad I focused on them instead). 
	The switching locations thing is an interesting idea, kinda makes it feel more like a slice of life thing, which I would say is good for the story, good vibes one might say. But it does give the other characters less time to shine, which is disappointing. 
I know that people always wish they had more time when writing stuff. But I don’t think this would have been improved a ton with more time, this might might be the one story where I don’t think more time would have improved it. I just need to write a new story, a better story, I need to achieve better than ever before. 

Speaking of that, why did I make a visual novel?  Easy, because I was bored. No offence but this assignment was very basic. Just write a story? And I know it’s supposed to be with meaning or whatever, but like, I’ve been writing with meaning with all my stories so like, I spiced it up a little bit. 
This is now a writer's reflection about the visual novel. 
Aesthetically I’m pretty proud of what I made, with only a week to work on it, I made it look pretty nice. I notice that I’ve gotten pretty good at prioritizing certain parts of the drawings and background, and altogether for the time I had, I did a pretty good job.  
The code on the other hand, oh my god the code. This is some of the dirtiest code I wrote, while time is partly to blame for this. The real culprit is my bad planning. To put it simply, a piece of code that I expected to just work (I had some lying around that I thought I could reuse). Didn’t and it ate up a whole day just trying to fix it. So there wasn’t really a ton of time left to make everything else (much less refactor it to be readable and efficient), if I ever plan to reuse it, I’m probably going to have to do a ton of refactoring. 
The music wasn’t really hard, I wish it was better, but to be honest I didn’t put a ton of time into it, maybe like an hour. It’s fine for what it is, but I really need to get some actual music software that has actual music making stuff built in rather than using beatbox.  
Overall though I think all of this aids in the story telling aspects of, well my story. Though if it didn’t I probably would have just hid the visual novel away so that nobody would ever see it. 

